last attempt: `10/24/2023`

**Brute Force**
- Two loops: Outer loop (i) is over all elements, and inner loop (j) is over all elements preceding i. 
- Sum elements at i and j, and check if equals to target. 
- Time Complexity: $O(n^2)$.
- Space Complexity: $O(1)$: The space required does not depend on the size of the input array. 
 ---

*Intuition*: 
- With brute force, for every array element, we try to find the complement in the rest of the list. 
- This causes us to traverse the array elements for every element which results in $O(n^2)$. 
- We need a way to traverse the array elements in $O(1)$ - hashmap keys. 
- Hence we create a hashmap with array elements as keys.
- Since we need to get the index of the complement, we use array indices as hashmap values. 
- Then, for each array element, we traverse the hashmap keys (a.k.a the array elements) looking for the complement. 

--- 

 **Two-pass Hash Table**
 - Loop over all elements and create a hash table with keys as elements, and values as their indices. 
 - Loop over all elements again, and for each element compute the complement from target. 
    - Check if complement exists in the hash table keys or not.
- Time Complexity: $O(n)$: Hash table lookup time.  
- Space Complexity: $O(n)$: Number of items stored in the hash table. 
---

**One-pass Hash Table**
- Loop over all elements and 
    - Check if complement already exists in the hash map. If yes, return element index and complement index. 
    - If no, add element to hash table. 
- Time Complexity: $O(n)$. 
- Space Complexity: $O(n)$. 