last attempt: `10/15/2023`

**Brute Force (Greedy)**
- Intuition: With the *greedy* approach: 
  - We choose the box type with the most number of units first, and fill up the truck with as many units as possible. 
  - We then choose the box with the next highest number of units, and so on until the truck is filled. 
- Sort (descending order) the array with respect to the #units/box (second) column. 
- Outer loop iterates over all box types (array rows). 
- Inner loop iterates over the number of boxes for the particular box type. 
  - Checks if number of boxes has reached the truck limit, 
  - Sums number of items from each box. 
- Time Complexity: $O(n\log n) + O(n.m)$, where $n$ is the number of box types and $m$ is the number of boxes for the box type with the most boxes (i.e. max. of first column).
  - $O(n\log n)$ is due to sorting. 
  - $O(n.m)$ is due to the loops. 
- Space Complexity: $O(1)$. 
---

**Greedy Approach optimized**
- Intuition: Same as above; only the implementation is optimized by keeping track of how many boxes can be fit inside the truck, after each iteration. 
- Sort (descending order) the array with respect to the #units/box (second) column. 
- Single loop iterates over all box types (array rows). 
  - Calculate the number of boxes that can fit into the truck as the `min` of remaining truck size and number of boxes for the particular unit. 
  - Update remaining truck size: Subtract the fitted boxes. 
  - Update the max units as the product of fitted boxes and #units/box. 
- Time Complexity: $O(n\log n) + O(n) = O(n\log n)$. 
  - $O(n\log n)$ is due to sorting. 
  - $O(n)$ is due to the loop. 
  - The `min` method is only run over two elements, hence is $O(1)$ time. 
- Space Complexity: $O(1)$. 