# Career Stories

## Corning Inc. 
### CNN Defect Classifier Project
- Based on my educational background (Ph.D. in multivariate control theory), at my first job, I was hired as a controls engineer to work on feedback optimization models for manufacturing controls and process simulations. However, the lead data scientist for the Gorilla Glass inspection defect classifier had recently left the team and Corning had to fill up that position quickly. Since I had done some hobby projects in data science (and my manager knew about it) I was asked to fill in the lead data scientist position from my very first day. Having little professional background in data science, I had to learn the tools and languages on the job, while also making timely contributions to the project deliverables. Although this journey was extremely challenging, I was able to design, model and deploy a robust solution for automating the defect classification process in the form of a deep learning CNN classifier. I not only did the standard data science steps of image extraction, preprocessing, model selection and training, evaluation, etc., but also traveled to several asian countries (Korea, China, Taiwan) to deploy the model on the inspection lines at various manufacturning plants for Corning. This gave me decent experience in deploying ML models, and solving challenges for MLOps scalability and robustness. The project was a big sucess and is currently being used to insepct Gorilla glass before being sold to customers like Apple for their iPhones. 

- During the course of the CNN project, when nearing deployment, the team had another setback where a critical software engineering resource left the team. I was then asked to step in and help the engineering team meet their deliverables. I hence also collaborated with senior software engineers on the model deployment part. Specifically, I contributed to writing classes for the TCP/IP communication between vendor equipemnt software and the deep learning model inference. I also wrote a C# GUI application for line operators to view and analyze CNN results in real-time. 

- Once the team was ready for deployment, we were blocked by the risk controls team due to the lack of explainability of the model's results. Specifically, leadership wanted some explainable reasoning/logic for every CNN prediction. I utilized a CNN image-masking approach to enable this such that for any chosen CNN prediction, this new explainability module will highlight (on top of the original image as a heatmap) those regions which have been deemed important for the model to make its prediction. Since these visual regions corroborated with the line operator's understanding of the predicted defect type, it gave them a lot more confidence on the model's predictions. 

- We had to also meet very strict latency requirements for model inference. This is because images were being streamed to the model in real-time, and a class prediction on any possible defects found had to be made before the sheet reaches the packing area (so that the sheet can either be packed or rejected). Our latency requirements were <10 ms per defect classicication. To enable this, we scaled the system both horizontally (adding more GPUs) and vertically (using more powerful GPUs with more RAM), optimized the image dimensions being used, utilized inference batch processing, and even used ethernet cables (for TCP/IP communication) with a larger throughput. We were able to meet the latency requirements without pruning or quantizing the CNN model since our experiments showed that that would have meant sacrificing on prediction accuracy. 

- For one of the newer inspection lines where CNN was a candidate for deployment, the operations team let us know that both the vendor equipment and glass material are very different than other lines. The objective was to start up this line with CNN defect classifier system active from the very beginning. From the few glass image samples collected during line ramp-up period, I realized that the images as well as the defects were very different than what we have trained the CNN model on (for previous well-established older lines). Hence, this amounted to a cold start problem. We solved it by strategicially only selecting only a few defect classes which have a high frequency of occurance, and training a brand new classifier on a small set of images as the line ramps up. Re-training was done every single day as more data comes in from the new line being ramped up. New data was labeled with the help of the classifier model itself, and new classes added incrementally. By the end of the one month period, the team was able to deliver a fully-tuned CNN model with a large training dataset and high recall performance for critical classes. 

## JPMorgan Chase